feat: add slide 7 - identification and authentication failures (#38)
nearform/owasp-top-ten-workshop: slides.md

- This practice has been adopted by OWASP and became part of their **[recommendation](<https://owasp.org/Top10/A07_2021-Identification_and_Authentication_Failures/#:~:text=Align%20password%20length%2C%20complexity%2C%20and%20rotation%20policies%20with%20National%20Institute%20of%20Standards%20and%20Technology%20(NIST)%20800%2D63b%27s%20guidelines%20in%20section%205.1.1%20for%20Memorized%20Secrets%20or%20other%20modern%2C%20evidence%2Dbased%20password%20policies.>)**.
- In the real scenario you should try to use something like **[Have I Been Pwned](https://haveibeenpwned.com/Passwords)**

</div>

---

# A07 Identification and Authentication Failures: Allowing leaked passwords (2)

<div class="dense">

- In the workshop - the database contains the list of leaked passwords in `databreachrecords`
- Run the server for step 7 (`cd src/a07-authentication-failures`, `npm start`)
- In Postman, run the query for `A07: Register`. Observe a token is succesfully returned

> - In the databse check the `databreachrecords` table for passowrd used in the Postman request body

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- In the dataabse check the `databreachrecords` table for password used in the Postman request body
```
